And you all know that.
My two sons
Unrivaled
After reading the book, I have been selling fried noodles on the street
It is said that the cost of fried noodles is 5 yuan.
He only sells them for a dollar a piece.
It's just a joke of our Li family
Second winter festival
I have been managing the company in the group for these years
It can be called young and promising
But as a father
Will never protect anyone
Calling you today
Is to vote on this heir
What do you think?
I support Dad's decision
Although my ability and reputation are higher than those of my eldest brother
But he is my eldest brother after all
So
It is still based on the opinions of uncles and uncles
Chairperson and Dongjie
Really open-minded
Look ahead.
Yes, Dongjie, let me take a look.
There are generals
I also saw the future of the Li enterprise
Lee's future
What future do you think Li's has?
outrageous
Li Wushuang
You're cursing yourself, aren't you?
No consciousness.
Do you count?
Let you attend the heirs' meeting
It is the greatest gift the chairperson has given you.
You still speak rudely
You people?
Obviously full of it?
But you have to pretend to be sanctimonious
Are you being fair to people and things?
Don't you have any hard numbers in your heart?
What number is there?
You stand where you are the boss
I thought you could inherit it from you
That's impossible.
Your family doesn't admit it.
Trash handsome
Does your home not exist?
Oh yeah, I have one more thing.
I forgot to tell my uncles and uncles
So what's up?
Dongjie just a few days ago
I got to know Lord Zunlong of Kowloon Group
He said he would take care of me
Once I take over the Lee heir
It will definitely lead the Li family to take off
Don't think about it.
It is impossible for Kowloon Group to take care of Li's
Kowloon Group does not care
Could it be that you have the final say?
You're right, it's me who has the final say